[tutorial_7] Open gripper before approach; rewrite instructions (#169)
humanoid-path-planner/hpp_tutorial: tutorial_7/README.md

## Overview

Tutorial 6 executed a single arm trajectory. Pick-and-place adds a second
actuator — the gripper — whose state must change **in the middle** of the
path: open on approach, closed during transport, open again after release.

This tutorial builds an HPP manipulation constraint graph, solves a
pick-and-place problem, splits the resulting path into **segments** delimited
by grasp/release events detected from the graph, and executes the segments on
Gazebo with gripper actions in between.

## Setting up the simulation

Use the same Docker image as tutorial 6 (`hpp-ros2:tuto`). If you haven't built
it yet, see the [tutorial 6 instructions](../tutorial_6/README.md).

Inside the container, build the packages (first time only):

```
cd ~/devel/src
make hpp-exec.install
make hpp_tutorial.install

> ```

Reviewer: I think this is useless.

HPP's constraint graph already knows where those events are. Each configuration
belongs to a graph **state** whose name lists the active grasps (e.g. `"free"`
or `"fr3/gripper grasps box/handle"`). `hpp_exec` walks the configs, calls
`graph.getStateFromConfiguration(q)` at each one, and flags every index where
the active-grasp set changes:

```python
from hpp_exec import extract_grasp_transitions

for t in extract_grasp_transitions(configs, times, graph):
    print(f"t={t.time:.2f}s  acquired={t.acquired}  released={t.released}")
```

## Building segments from the constraint graph

`segments_from_graph()` uses those transitions to build one `Segment` per
phase, wiring `on_grasp` and `on_release` as *pre-actions* on the appropriate
segments:

```python
from hpp_exec import segments_from_graph

segments = segments_from_graph(
    configs, times, graph,
    on_grasp=close_gripper,
    on_release=open_gripper,
)
```

For this problem you get three segments matching the table above: segment 0
has no pre-action, segment 1 closes the gripper first, segment 2 opens it.

## Sync the initial gripper state

`segments_from_graph()` only sets pre-actions on segments *after* a transition,

> so segment 0 has none. But segment 0 is precisely where the arm descends

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so segment 0 has none. But segment 0 is precisely where the gripper goes down
```
